---
title: "Disclosure Policy"
layout: single
excerpt: "Disclosure Policy"
sitemap: true
permalink: /disclosure-policy/
---


### Disclaimer

My goal is to inform interested readers, like you, about natural ways to improve and maintain your eye well-being. I also offer you my help on your own journey if you wish the support of a coach. 

I am not a medical doctor. This site and the information it contains is based on my own journey and is shared for educational and informational purposes only. You may not sue me for following anything that is written on this site. 

The information and advice provided on my blog are of a general nature and should never replace individual health advice provided by your healthcare professional team.


### Disclosure Policy

This policy is valid from 23 October 2016.

This blog is a personal blog written and edited by me (Friederike Wild). Please contact me at if you have any questions coach(at)eyewellbeing.com.

This blog accepts forms of cash advertising, sponsorship, paid insertions or other forms of compensation.

The compensation received will never influence the content, topics or posts made in this blog. All advertising is in the form of advertisements generated by a third-party ad network. Those advertisements will be identified as paid advertisements.

The owner of this blog is not compensated to provide opinion on products, services, websites and various other topics. The views and opinions expressed on this blog are purely the blog owners. If we claim or appear to be experts on a certain topic or product or service area, *we will only endorse products or services that we believe, based on our expertise, are worthy of such endorsement.* Any product claim, statistic, quote or other representation about a product or service should be verified with the manufacturer or provider.

This blog does not contain any content which might present a conflict of interest.

*To get your own policy, go to [http://www.disclosurepolicy.org](http://www.disclosurepolicy.org)*


### Amazon Associates Disclosure

Eye Wellbeing is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com, amazon.co.uk or amazon.de

This means I may earn a small commission for my endorsement, recommendation, testimonial, and/or link to any products or services from this website. Your purchase helps support my work in bringing you information about health and holistic wellness.

