---
title: "Day 1"
excerpt: "May 25th - Stepping on the road of my challenge"
header:
  teaser: "teaser_unsplash_road.jpg"
  image: "header_unsplash_road.jpg"
  caption: "Photo credit: [**Unsplash**](https://unsplash.com)"
categories: 
  - Personal
tags:
  - diary
  - meditation
  
---

{% include base_path %}

*Day One* of my [challenge]({{ base_path }}/personal/planning/)! I could hardly have picked a tougher day to start. I was very tired in the morning after staying up late yesterday. But therefore I am even more proud, that I sticked to my planned dedicated training sessions.

Since I was greeted with drizzle when getting up I only spend half of my morning session outdoors with swinging and a round of focus shifting between near and distance points. Even on this cloudy day  I could hardly manage in the last repetition using both eyes to keep the focus on the horizon for long. It feels like being 
dazzled by the bright sky and I have to blink a lot and can only stay with it for a short period of time using my hands to provide some shadow for my eyes.

I continued inside with a lamp to simulate sun bathing. I much prefer doing this exercise on a sunny morning outdoors, but it still helped to feeling more awake after finishing the morning routine with a 15 minutes meditation using [Headspace](https://www.headspace.com){:target="_blank" rel="nofollow"}. I really love this app for building up a daily meditation practise. Combining the eye relaxation with calming your mind feels double beneficial, especially if you are already used to the concept.

In the afternoon I decided once more to stay indoors for focus shifting and a colour therapy cycle. Seeing the afterglow worked really well today working with green and magenta.