---
published: false
title: "Planning"
excerpt: "May 22nd - A challenge is born"
header:
  teaser: "teaser_unsplash_planning.jpg"
  image: "header_unsplash_planning.jpg"
  caption: "Photo credit: [**Unsplash**](https://unsplash.com)"
categories: 
  - Personal
tags:
  - update
  - diary
    
---

{% include base_path %}


Today I decided to challenge myself to step up my personal eye wellness programme. For the next two month I will write daily about observations and used exercises. I need to finalise setting up the website and then the game is on.


### Why two month?

I found a couple of inspiring videos online where fellow eye coaches talked about their own experiences. Two of them both claimed, that it took them only two month to fully cure their own myopia. Both mentioned exercises following the Bates method which were also already part of my training as an eye coach. Therefore I realised I already know all the tools needed and just need to stick to my daily practise. So far I still had assumed I would need years to fully recover my eyes, since they also got worse over years. But now I am really curious myself how quick our body is able to heal itself and therefore will commit to stick with a longer routine than so far. I hope documenting it will allow you dear reader in the future to gain hope and perspective to start your own journey!

### What is the planned minimal daily amount of time spent?

Like training for a beach body, helping the eyes to find back to their natural health takes time. Over the past year I daily picked one or two of the exercises, but struggled to stick with a full programme.

Therefore I call this my eye challenge. I do not expect it to be easy, but I do believe that gaining full vision is the greatest gift you can give yourself.

**My planned daily schedule is:**

* 10 minutes conscious waking up the body and the eyes while still in bed
* 15 minutes morning routine, preferable outdoors
* 15 minutes afternoon routine
* 20 minutes evening "cool down" and longer relaxation combined with meditation

This sums up to one hour. It is a lot and definitely more than I invested daily so far, but it sounds totally manageable. 

